README.md, before:

# Connect Micro Project

[![Current Version](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/makerdiary/connect-micro-project.svg)](https://github.com/makerdiary/connect-micro-project/tags)
[![Samples](https://github.com/makerdiary/connect-micro-project/actions/workflows/samples.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/makerdiary/connect-micro-project/actions/workflows/samples.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?color=informational)](/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Connect Micro Project provides support for developing on all Makerdiary development hardware.

## Supported Hardware

* [nRF52840 Connect Kit][nrf52840_connectkit]

## Community Support

Community support is provided via [GitHub Discussions][discussions]. You can also reach us on
[Makerdiary Community][community].

We would love to have more developers contribute to this project! If you're passionate about making this project better, see our [Contributing Guidelines][contributing] for more information.

## License

Copyright (c) 2016-2023 Makerdiary. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for further details.

[nrf52840_connectkit]: https://wiki.makerdiary.com/nrf52840-connectkit
[discussions]: https://github.com/makerdiary/connect-micro-project/discussions
[community]: https://community.makerdiary.com
[contributing]: /.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Commit message:

Change repo name to `ncs-playground`.
Signed-off-by: Zelin Cai <zelin@makerdiary.com>

README.md, after:

# nRF Connect SDK Playground

[![Current Version](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/makerdiary/ncs-playground.svg)](https://github.com/makerdiary/ncs-playground/tags)
[![Samples](https://github.com/makerdiary/ncs-playground/actions/workflows/samples.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/makerdiary/ncs-playground/actions/workflows/samples.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?color=informational)](/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

nRF Connect SDK Playground contains a range of applications, samples, and libraries for Makerdiary's development hardware.

## Supported Hardware

* [nRF52840 Connect Kit][nrf52840_connectkit]

## Community Support

Community support is provided via [GitHub Discussions][discussions]. You can also reach us on
[Makerdiary Community][community].

We would love to have more developers contribute to this project! If you're passionate about making this project better, see our [Contributing Guidelines][contributing] for more information.

## License

Copyright (c) 2016-2023 Makerdiary. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for further details.

[nrf52840_connectkit]: https://wiki.makerdiary.com/nrf52840-connectkit
[discussions]: https://github.com/makerdiary/ncs-playground/discussions
[community]: https://community.makerdiary.com
[contributing]: /.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
